So I recently played *The Beginners Guide*. I must say, it's a great experience, and some of the things hit very close. I'm not really sure exactly what this post will turn into, it's mostly just some thoughts that the game made me think about. So sorry if it's a bit rambly. Also, spoilers below. I really recommend that you play it yourself, both because it's a an experience that will make think, but also because this post isn't going to be explaining the game, so it's probably not going to make much sense.

My interpretation of the game is that it has two narratives. There's the narrative about two friends, with one sending games to his other friend who starts using them to feed his own ego. This is the direct narrative. The other narrative is the more meta-narrative, about the author himself. I believe that Coda and the narrator are both metaphors for the author Davey and his struggle after releasing The Stanley Parable.

I found [this blogpost](http://web.archive.org/web/20170608181241/http://www.galactic-cafe.com/2014/02/game-of-the-year) by the creator, talking about his thoughts after the critical success of The Stanley Parable. As a student and someone who's just starting getting into game dev, it's quite jarring to read that. I think essentially, The Beginner's Guide is an extension of that comic and blog post. It's conveying the same idea, of making games that other people love so much, that their lives start depending on it. That's something that hits me, as I'm currently struggling with being addicted to League of Legends and going back to it and all my old habits.

But the narrative about the two friends, with one sending his games probably hit me the most. I always find it hard to actually develop games. I know how to, but I just don't have any vision. Davey seems very cynic about himself and his work, which I really don't see in myself, luckily. It's very apparent in the blog post and comic, and is slowly revealed in The Beginners Guide. My own work has always been very pragmatic, and not as artsy and vague as his has. There usually aren't really levels to it. I make games for the fun of the mechanics and sometimes systems, but not so much the art. The idea of those kinds of games have always enticed me, but I never quite know exactly what those should be about. I could make games about how my family life is basically non-existant and I see other people who have it. I could make games about how I've grown (or haven't grown) as a person. I could make a game about how I was 23 years and still a virgin, and how much that tore through my mental health. About how I sometimes feel like I have no connection to my friends. About how I feel like I have no identity. About how insignificant it all is.

And that's kind of the whole reason I am writing this. I am not sure where to go from here. What meaning does anything I do have? What meaning can I create? I'm always being pulled in two directions - I want to make art, but I also want to be rich. I want to be a scholar who knows the theory, but I also want to know the dark arts of business. I want to be a social person who's friendly and helpful, but I also want to be alone. I want to draw beautiful graphics, but I also want to code. I want to be a structured person who does everything right, but I also want to give myself a break. I have always told myself that I'm a subscriber of the "nihilistic optimism" philosophy. Nothing matters, so why not make the best of it? But it is so, so easy to step from the positive to the pessimistic. Nothing matters, so why do anything at all? 

And yet, here I am. Writing a blog post like it actually matters. Will this post be some kind of relic for the future? For when I get my big break as a game developer? Will I end up in the same position as Davey, and people will go back to this blog post, like I am doing with Davey now? In the end though, does any of it really matter? And yet, here I am. Still continuing with my studies. Still talking to my family and friends. Still trying to eat healthy and stay fit. And failing at it. It's a constant cycle of me being unhappy with my current lifestyle, trying to do something about it for a few weeks, and then going back to old habits. I hate this. I'm unhappy, and I don't know what to do about it.